template_event_COND_UNITALIVE_FE8.txt	如果该人物还活着
template_event_COND_UNITALIVE_OR_ELSE_FE8.txt	如果该人物还活着或死亡
template_event_COND_YES_OR_NO.txt	会话选择器是/否分支
template_event_COND_TURN_ODD_FE8.txt	如果奇数转
template_event_COND_TURN_EVEN_FE8.txt	如果偶数转
template_event_COND_TURN_3SCALE_FE8.txt	如果转数是3的倍数
template_event_COND_TURN_LESS_10.txt	如果它在10转以内
template_event_COND_GOLD_MORE_ 5000.txt	如果您拥有5000金币或更多金币
template_event_COND_UNITALIVE_AND_STIL.txt	如果人物活着而不加入
template_event_COND_GOLD_MORE_5000.txt	如果你拥有5000金币或更多
template_event_COND_GOLD_MORE_5000_ELSE.txt	如果你拥有5000金币或更多,或者其他
template_event_COND_FLAG_ON_FE8.txt	如果标志XX为ON
template_event_COND_FLAG_OFF_FE8.txt	如果标志XX为OFF
template_event_COND_FLAG_ON_ELSE_FE8.txt	如果标志XX为ON，或者为其他
template_event_COND_HARDMODE_FE8.txt	如果是HardMode
template_event_COND_HARDMODE_OR_ELSE_FE8.txt	如果是HardMode或者其他
template_event_COND_TUTORIALMODE_FE8.txt	如果是Difficulty:EASY
template_event_COND_ENEMIES_less3.txt	If there are 3 or fewer enemies
template_event_COND_ENEMIES_more10.txt	If there are more than 10 enemies.
template_event_COND_RANDOM50_100.txt	If hit random number of 50/100 or more.
template_event_COND_DEPLOY_FE8.txt	如果部署了人物
template_event_COND_UNITINAREA_FE8.txt	如果人物在预定的坐标范围内
template_event_COND_ACTIVEID_FE8.txt	如果您正在操作特定人物
template_event_COND_Gaiden.txt	Make Gaiden Branch:If clear within 5 turns, goto Gaiden
template_event_COND_COUNTER_MORE_5_FE8.txt	If COUNTER is 5 or more.
template_event_COND_COUNTER_LESS_1_FE8.txt	If COUNTER is less than 1.
template_event_COND_COUNTER_MORE_5_ELSE_FE8.txt	If COUNTER is 5 or more, ELSE
template_event_COND_COUNTER_LESS_1_ELSE_FE8.txt	If COUNTER is less than 1, ELSE
template_event_MOVEUNIT_AND_FRAME_FE8.txt	点亮设备上的框架以显示对话
template_event_MOVEPOS_AND_FRAME_FE8.txt	将摄像机移动到坐标，点亮坐标中的框架以显示对话
template_event_BROWNBOXTEXT_AND_FRAME_FE8.txt	显示地名并在地图上显示框架
template_event_TalkEventItem_FE8.txt	说话和制作物品
template_event_TALK_COND_CHANGE_MUSIC.txt	在对话过程中并排执行事件以更改音乐
template_event_TalkEventAndFADI_FE8.txt	At the end of the conversation, fade in with the text box displayed to make the screen black
template_event_BATTLE_Attack_Counter.txt	BattleEvent Attack->Defender
template_event_BATTLE_Attack_Counter_Attack.txt	BattleEvent Attack->Defender->Attack
template_event_BATTLE_Attack_Counter_Attack_Counter.txt	BattleEvent Attack->Defender->Attack->Defender
template_event_BATTLE_FromEnemy_Attack_Counter.txt	BattleEvent From Enemy Attack->Defender
template_event_BATTLE_FromEnemy_Attack_Counter_Attack.txt	BattleEvent From Enemy Attack->Defender->Attack
template_event_BATTLE_Attack.txt	BattleEvent Attack->No Counterattack
template_event_BATTLE_CRITICAL_KILL_ENEMY.txt	BattleEvent Attack->Attack-> No Counterattack (2x attacks)
template_event_BATTLE_FromEnemy_Attack.txt	BattleEvent From Enemy Attack->No Counterattack
template_event_RedFadeout.txt	background fades out to red
template_event_WarpIN_FE8.txt	使人物出现扭曲
template_event_Coord_WarpOUT_WarpIN_FE8.txt	Warp a unit with specific coordinates
template_event_CALL_END_EVENT_FE8.txt	清除这一章
template_event_GAMEOVER_FE8.txt	打电话给游戏
template_event_PREPARATION_FE8.txt	读你的军队和敌军，并呼吁进攻
template_event_Turn_off_background_FE8.txt	Turn off background and fade it out to avoid disturbing the screen
template_event_COND_Coord_WarpOUT_WarpIN_FE8.txt	具有特定坐标的变形单位。
template_event_RedFlushWarningEffect.txt	Red alarm like a warning. Flashes the entire screen red. MapEffect
template_event_StairsSoundEffect.txt	Makes a sound like going down the stairs. MapEffect
template_event_Move_unit_without_closing_balloon_while_talking.txt	Move the unit without closing the speech bubble while talking.
